Okay. Hello. I would like to order a burger, please.
Okay. I mean, usually you would just say what you wanted, like you pulled up to burger spot, but that's fantastic.
I would like a cheeseburger and a soda and some fries.
Got it. And those are Carolina hot cake fries, or do you want the blisters?
Are the blisters hot cake style?
Yeah. 100%. They're blasting, man.
Okay. I'll have those.
Great.
Can I take your order?
Welcome to Denny's.
Is there supposed to be another...
We've been getting interference.
Listen to him. Hey, can I get your order? Daryl.
You're interference, man. I mean, go ahead and do the order, but you're going to have to go across the street.
Well, how come I can hear him? Why is there two speakers?
Well, okay. So we just bombed Syria.
Right.
And so the Russians are responding with a massive cyber attack. And what's happened is they've created an interference wave that's essentially all the fast food restaurants have mixed up with each other.
So they knew the number one way to hurt America was to fuck up the fast food distribution chain.
And it's working.
Seven of our customers committed suicide last week.
We're going for eight. Can I take your order?
You just have to cross the street.
Why do I need to go across the street? You're the same restaurant. The Russians can't make your food different.
If you want an order from me, you can. I will take your order from you.
But I am in another restaurant three blocks up.
Whoa.
No!
All right. We get we get time and a half.
Yeah. So cool. Per suicide. Thank you, Putin.
Who?
It's Harmontown time.
Harmontown. Here we go. We're sending. You got to get off the stage.
Here we go.
Okay. Do I start now?
Here we go, friends. Welcome to the Pre-Singularity Pre-World War Three.
Harmontown presenting your favorite gay master Rob Schrupp.
And there he is. King of the town, Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo.
Rap with the rap.
Rap with the rap at the top of the show rap.
Put the music in your heart and your feet.
Fuck your mama until she's red like a beat.
Get the beat in the street.
Make your voice go up a couple matches.
I'm gonna fuck your mama with my dick.
Not doing anything weird.
Stuffin' sick.
Just gonna take her out.
Take her back home and shout into her pussy like a paper bag.
And then I'll pop it.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
We're still working out the...
I like this new format.
Yeah, we're still working with the format.
This is fantastic.
We could do this every week.
Change nothing.
We opened with the drive-thru sketch, a classic.
A little updated.
There were some added updates of Topical News Nightingale.
That's right.
Because it's coming.
If this is your first episode of Harmontown, you've...
Not for me.
You shouldn't...
This isn't like the other episodes.
This is a very special episode.
Our comptroller is Duncan Trussell.
Thanks for coming.
Hello, everyone.
Thank you. Good to be here.
Our game master is Rob Schrab.
Game master.
Rob Schrab, the game master.
You're filling in his game master.
I think you're missing a consonant.
Nope.
Not at all.
What are you accusing him of gaslighting?
Yes.
And there's no audience.
You're losing.
You're losing the audience.
Is it...
I mean, am I allowed to leave the podium and get myself vodka?
Oh, yeah, yeah. Absolutely.
Thanks.
Do we have...
Cokes or sodas?
Do you have Coke Zero?
Do you have...
Crystal Pepsi?
Cherry Seven Up?
I don't know what else we have besides vodka.
What about Le Quai?
Will someone please bring Rob a non-alcoholic beverage?
All right, guys. Here we go.
I just need something sweet.
This is...
I wouldn't mind...
Wouldn't mind getting through this one kind of quick.
Which one? The show?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Why don't you shorten the show?
I got a hot game of Minecraft going at home.
I'm thinking maybe I'll start shortening it by ten minutes every week
so that no one notices that it's eventually an hour.
No, this is all water.
This is water?
Okay, that's kind of like soda.
I gotta say, you know, I haven't been here in a while, man.
But we've been tightening the format, yeah.
And this is strange.
This fits in with everything that's happening.
You know, it's perfectly exactly what's happening.
It's like this kind of fantastic collapse.
Do we have no audience last time you were here?
No, we had an audience.
We had this beautiful, wonderful audience.
And now it's just this empty, cavernous space.
It's like the end of it.
This is something I've been thinking about a lot is the apocalypse
and how the apocalypse is not going to be the way people think
the apocalypse would be.
No big insects.
What's that?
Sorry.
Keep going.
No what sex?
No big insects.
Insects.
No incest in the apocalypse?
Yeah.
No big incest.
No, no, massive incest.
I think it'll be filled with giant insects.
Like giant bees that fuck their cousins?
Yeah.
Most insects are essentially practicing massive incest, right?
You know, I've never looked into that.
I have no idea.
I suppose every species has some built-in insects.
I suppose every species has some built-in exogenous safety valve
like tries to keep itself from fucking itself.
Yeah, there's probably a safety valve.
So when you leave for Minecraft, you know, Duncan and I will just,
you know, we'll mine the store while you go play your game.
Now that sounds like a plan.
Yeah, we could get a lot of stuff done tonight after he'd go.
We'll probably have an audience again soon.
You know, we're going to be moving out of here.
Into my butthole.
I am evicting us so that the great Taiko ITT can make his starburns feature.
I love his trains.
I mean, the format is crazy right now.
I know.
Well, that's why I was doing this.
I'm trying to get it out of the system because I know we're going to be back in front of an audience soon
and then we're not going to be able to do stuff like fake cold opens and things, you know?
No, I mean, this is like something in it.
This is like a dream.
This is like something I would dream.
I would dream I was doing this with no audience or something like truly like after the world ends,
a few of us have gone mad.
There's a few people in an old empty warehouse and we're like, fuck it.
We'll just do a talk show.
We all have beers and we're eating our legs.
Yeah.
I mean, there's something about like if it was like if you walked outside, you would die.
You know, like there's something about still doing the podcast.
Yeah.
The responsibility of like, look, people are boarded up in their homes.
Right.
You know, they're eating their legs or growing beards, but they still this is the only happiness they have.
Oh my God.
I know.
I know what this reminds me of because I was just watching it.
You know, one thing that just infuriated me is I realized you cannot download the original dawn of the day from normal meat.
You have to get it off of YouTube.
It's low.
What are you talking about?
You as far as I'm aware, you can't get it from Amazon.
You can't get it from iTunes.
You can't get it from the normal ways that you would down.
You could you could torn it.
I'm sure.
But like, you know, the convenience of just downloading it for like three bucks.
It's for some.
Who knows why?
Because they want you to get the new one because it's probably same money going to the same place and so they want.
Well, they just put out a 4k version of night of the living dead and they're probably doing a new restoration of that.
I just bought coincidentally somebody took like all of the cuts of the original dawn of the dead because Dario Argento produced it.
And there was like more different deleted scenes in the Italian version.
Someone did a super cut of both of them.
And I'm going to get it in the mail this week.
So I've never seen the Italian version of it.
That's badass.
It's a different name, wasn't it?
Was it zombie or something?
I think.
Yeah.
But that's one of my favorite movies.
And it starts off and it's sorry, Dan.
It starts off on a TV studio during the apocalypse and they're trying to process it.
And it's very similar to this, except we're like more low-key.
They're freaking out.
But it is like an abandoned news state.
Like the cameras moving around, people are talking in the background.
It does have this kind of dead has been show feeling.
Well, in honor of that release, didn't we write a what if we were dawn of the dead sketch?
Yeah.
So I don't know why you guys are spoiling it so much.
Okay.
I mean, I said we should segue to this topic to tee up our dawn of the dead sketch that
we've been spending so much time on.
We had our meeting about the show yesterday.
Yeah, when we wrote the burger sketch.
Right.
It took a long, a team of 15 writers.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
So let's start that sketch.
This is the dawn of the dead sketch.
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
They're coming for you.
It's funnier every time, man.
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
Last week on Night of the Living Dead, they're coming to get you, Barbara.
They're coming for you.
They've been dead a long time, Barbara.
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
You know, man, when I was watching my friend, his throat ripped out by a zombie before I
ran in here.
Yes, Barbara.
I thought to myself, I'd never laugh again.
I would go into shock.
I'd go nuts.
But that fucking thing, man, every time you keep doing that impression from Night of the
Living Dead is fucking funny.
It's a good one, Bob.
How did you first learn how funny that was?
Oh, the first time I said it, Barbara.
And Barbara laughed.
And then you also laughed, Barbara.
Can I be clear on something?
You're saying that he's doing it from the movie Night of the Living Dead.
Yes.
He's doing the impression, ironically, because I slipped on intestines on the way in here.
I did, Barbara.
All right.
I just want to be clear, because that's sometimes a thing like Night of the Living Dead is a
movie that we can read.
And the thing defines the thing, Barbara.
So they're coming to get you, Barbara.
But here we are.
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
Can I ask if you...
I've been saying that all night.
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Sorry, I got it.
We're live again.
They're coming.
All right.
If you are in the Glenbrook area, Recita, Riverside, we have a new list of shelters for you.
Riverside?
Do not go to the schools.
Do not go to the shelters.
We mentioned in the previous segment, those shelters have been...
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
Again.
Seriously, my mom lives in Riverside.
If you are just tuning in...
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
Guys, we're live.
It's not funny, my mom.
They're coming to get you.
The dead have been returning to life...
They're coming to get you, Barbara.
...and murdering the living.
I left the door open.
It's okay.
It doesn't...
Laughter will get through.
We...
Laughter will get through this.
We have a doctor here, a physiologist in the studio.
His name was Finch Williams.
I was my brother.
He was eating his throat.
I guess he's no longer with us.
Okay.
Again.
Why isn't somebody doing something?
If someone near you has perished, do not leave the body unattended.
Do not attempt to bury it, burn it, or cut off the head, or drive a sharp object.
Don't do any of that?
No.
Don't...
Oh, sorry.
Don't bury the body.
Just hang out with it.
Don't sit shiva.
I think that's what they call it.
Well, you could...
You could try to make it laugh.
You could go, they're coming to get you, Barbara.
It's not funny anymore.
If I was gonna make a zombie laugh, I wouldn't...
It's funny.
It's not...
My mom's probably dead right now, and it's my fault.
Well, I mean, the question is, like, is she really dead if she comes back to life?
Your mom's immortal now.
That's not...
You know what I mean?
Your mom's, like, immortally retarded?
Is that what a zombie...
The last thing I said to her is, like, I hope they fucking get you.
It's just your mom's gonna live forever.
You should be happy.
Oh, shit.
Fuck.
You know what?
We're gonna take a brief break from the broadcast, because I left my keys in the helicopter
on the roof, and I'm just gonna run up there, go in the helicopter, grab my keys, and come
back down to hang out here with everybody.
All these funny people, and keep helping people by...
I'm so glad we have that helicopter, because it was ever a reason to have all this shit.
Did you hear something?
Yeah, I heard it.
What did you hear?
I heard a bird flapping really fast.
Yeah, it sounded like a giant hummingbird.
Or...
Helicopter...
And scene.
I thought we were gonna say helicopter together.
Yeah.
We didn't.
Yeah, I mean, it's a good...
So Dawn of the Dead is probably coming out on DVD or something, and so we threw that
together.
Yeah, on DVD.
DVD will come out.
We have some other sketches coming up throughout the show.
King Kong lives.
Try and get your mind off the Trump thing.
You know, we're not doing a lot of current event sketches, but we do, you know, we gotta
do a couple, otherwise we're gonna lose listeners to MSNBC, so...
True.
We try to keep it above the belt.
We try to keep it...
This is wild, man.
Last time I was here, filled with people laughing, no bad...
Do you know why they stopped?
Do you know why they stopped coming?
Yeah, I heard it.
I heard it.
Quality.
Yeah, I heard the quality.
Yeah, we actually...
We dropped our tickets to a penny.
People just aren't coming.
What happened?
It just slid downhill.
Yeah, I just...
What happened?
I started showing up regularly.
I don't...
Is it you?
I remember you spiraled into like some deep, dark existentialism.
Yeah, that's always good.
Then you incurred the wrath of the gods is what happened.
Do you worry about that?
That the reason that the fire department came and shut down Harmontown and that the chaos
is coming from a vortex of that dark...
Remember that?
Like the limit, that thing you went into?
Do you worry that it's like law of attraction stuff?
I'm on the rim.
Yeah, I mean, I'm sure...
I believe that stuff like that is related.
Like, you know, you get dark enough and the universe around you starts reflecting that
darkness.
What do you think about?
Yeah, but I don't see the merit in...
I mean, I'm trying...
And it's just that I...it's just hard to...
I don't want to...I don't want to disingenuously be happy, you know?
I don't want to, like, force it.
Like, you know, those people that say it takes less muscles to smile and you got to think
positive stuff.
It's just like...
I don't know.
What I like to do is be happy.
I had it out with my therapist Friday.
Let her have it.
And, you know, like, it was a pretty interesting session because it was pretty...you know,
she made it pretty clear, like, I do have an...I do have...you know, I...my big thing is shame.
And the shame doesn't really let me...you know, it just sort of dominates everything.
Like, I'm...
There's a lot of people.
That's a big thing.
I got to try to...the next five years is going to be about replacing the shame with esteem.
You know, the...I just think Terrence McKinnon said, I always think about is that...because
you know, the happy idea, you're supposed to be happy, but that...like, Terrence McKinnon
was saying this thing about how...he was talking about something called shamanic ecstasy.
And like, ecstatic states are not limited to happiness or joy states, but there's ecstatic
sadness, ecstatic shame, ecstatic misery.
And I really like that because it's not an invitation to, like, oh, just be happy.
It's more of an invitation to, like, fully be what you are right now as deep as you can
be, which is what you do.
And even if that thing produces a wave of some kind of psychic repulsion that produces
dark ripples that make the fire department shut down this beautiful fucking theater and
transforms everything into a reflection of the darkness, even that's kind of amazing
because it's like, holy shit, magic's real.
I was looking at it more like, the funny thing is, as much shame as I have, I didn't really
think to blame myself for the fire marshal.
I was actually thinking the fire marshal was bailing me out, like, that that was God,
like, saving me, because I was really...because I was starting to hate the audience.
And I mostly hate myself.
I mean, you can't really hate an audience.
An audience is always...
Are you afraid...are you afraid you're going to hate the audience again when they...
No, no, no.
It's like a rom-com, you know?
We broke up, we spent all this time apart, now I've got long hair.
Why'd you hate them?
I hated...I just hated what we were all going through together, you know?
So it's just brought out the worst in all of us.
You know, I speak for myself.
It's just made me...I was just really sad and all this stuff, so it's like, I'm not
going to have a good relationship with the audience.
It was just like, they're a giant crowd of people that react on certain cues, and like,
that was exactly...you know, it wasn't in the mood for that.
We were all feeling kind of like, really frightened about these concepts of like, crowd dynamics
and stuff, like, how you...you know, what makes people go, ooh, or what makes people
go boo, or yay, or it just kind of...there was no good news to any of it.
It was like, I would come out on stage and I would...I don't ever think about it that
much, but it was just like, my micro flowchart would be...if you slowed it down, would be
something like, okay, so what am I supposed to do?
Ignore how much peril is...I feel how much sadness, how much frustration, how much humiliation,
how much shame, how much rage.
Do I ignore those things, and then become like a kind of...I don't know, like a Regis
Philbin character?
Do I become like, you know, Sean King?
Do I become like...do I become a voice of a generation?
That sounds like a lot of work, and not my generation.
Do I actually have to...you know, it's like an experiment with signal boosting young activists
and stuff.
Like, okay, let's use this platform because it just doesn't feel right to sit around and
talk about how I don't want to tie my shoes anymore, you know?
I was just thinking as you're doing this, like, you know, obviously Jonestown's pretty
sad, but you know, it's kind of like there's like at least one little happy part of it,
which is that Jim Jones killed himself, too, but think how fucked up it would have been
if they walked in there and he's still talking, and there's all those fucking dead bodies
just surrounding him, but he's giving a sermon to the dead bodies.
Damn, that would have been amazing.
He just didn't have the guts.
Do you watch this Wild Wild Country?
Yes, I did, yeah.
Your opinion?
I wish they'd...I thought it was beautiful, like the way they edited it and put it to...I
thought it was beautiful, but I wish they'd focused more on Osho because I think that
like what I love about a good cult documentary is if they put in enough of the cult leader's
philosophy, then it makes me want to join.
Right.
But not to be one of those...the people that responds this way to that, but I noticed the
same thing, but felt that that was the point.
Then that was what made it really cool was that they actually just focused entirely on
the relationship between the cult and the townspeople to the point where if you were
an alien, you wouldn't know what a cult was, and you spent the whole time going, like,
well, why aren't they a cult, these hillbillies that are like so smug and like have their...they
keep talking about how they have their own way of doing things, and you know, I loved
how you would like love them and hate them like, you know, like up and down and up and
all around, and I think that they just very tastefully inserted like from the Rednecks
perspective, like toward the beginning, like that movie that comes out that everyone gets
to see, like their naked primal scream therapy or whatever, but it was like...didn't it feel
kind of like if they had focused in on this guy who didn't talk for four years and stuff
like that religion was, that they would invite all of your...it would just put you in the
shoes of the Redneck or the shoes of the Convert like you're saying.
I mean, I keep thinking like, kind of what you're saying, like, I guess it must have
been intentional, maybe they're showing like the thing that happens where the gatekeeper
becomes the destination sort of, they're showing like the gross thing, you know, like everyone
focuses on the Pope, you know, instead of...it's like everyone focuses on the representative
of the thing instead of the thing itself, and maybe they wanted to make a point of doing
that without saying that's what they were doing.
I mean, it was good in the sense that it elicits all of these thoughts and makes you wonder,
but maybe I'm just looking for a different documentary, but I could easily just do the
research and read Osho stuff.
Yeah, and Cody was a lover of his quotes and stuff because he was a fun guy because
he had that look, but he would just talk very liberally about sex and stuff.
Right.
But, yeah, I mean, I found myself to, I was like, wait, pump the brakes and let me get
out and smell the roses here.
These people just started carrying assault rifles and dressing like the Joker and stuff
like that.
All these people with their ties and their clean cut beards and like...what is this
cult?
But I think it was good that it was just like...I felt in the end, I was not like weeping at
the end because I felt like I had been thrust into the position of God.
By both these rednecks and these cultists, everybody had just swirled around in this
tidy bowl of conflict and chasing each other and that the whole thing was just...it just
started crying.
I mean, thank God for that guy, the guy that kind of takes you through the whole thing,
the lawyer.
Yeah.
And then he's just like walking with his cane.
I just started like bawling my eyes out.
I think he's just so...it was like he didn't do anything wrong that entire time.
He was a reliable narrator and he was neither a Sheila loyalist nor a trying to abscond
with Osho.
I mean, he was just like...he represented that kind of like when you read Going Clear,
like those Scientologists that are just sort of like, look, I'm getting something out of
this.
Can we stop with the drama?
And that he was a sort of life master, he represented the best that that quote unquote
cult could accomplish.
I think that the reason for its existence was that it made you an effective, happy person
that drew people...
It still goes on, you know?
You didn't have to like leave capitalism behind, you didn't have to have all these extreme
conversations about like, this world is bullshit, they just fucking built a city in the middle
of nowhere.
And then I guess what made me start crying was that you could do all that, you could
ride that wave without falling off the surfboard like he did and then it still just ends with
you with a gray beard like walking around, like you can't surf forever.
You can't...well, I mean, you gotta...it does happen, but it's for that thing to happen,
it takes war, I mean historically, like if you look at it, it's like to get the big paradigm
shift to happen in a serious way.
You know, you know, pulled it off the Mormons, like they were...there was conflict with them,
they fought them for a while, like when a thing like that, when a theocracy bubbles
up or a new idea bubbles up, quite often it seems like the idea bubbles up inside of,
it tries to kill it, especially if it's a contagious idea, they try to...if it's like
a threat to the dominant paradigm and it gets big enough, the helicopters show up, the cops
show up, the fire marshal shows up, yeah, there's a fantastic like closing thought at the end
of that Going Clear book that just, yeah, sort of without bothering to categorize Scientology
as either a good thing or a bad thing, just talking about the history of upstart religion
in the United States and how, yeah, it's...we want to look at all of these things and go,
they either need to live or die, but we coexist with things like Mormonism or Jehovah's Witness
re, whatever you call it, in its noun form, the...but it's like, yeah, these little things,
they're not called cults anymore, you could call Mormonism a cult if you wanted to, but
we don't anymore because we, yeah, we went to, like you said, we jumped them in.
What's up with the Pope now? The Pope's saying that hell doesn't exist?
Excuse me, can I make a bunch of fucking chair sounds now that you're talking? The fuck were
you doing over here? Trying to make a goddamn point?
You were talking for a while, I felt like I was supposed to get cocked at the ball.
Are you making a bookcase? What the fuck is going on?
I'm trying to relax here, you're talking forever, you're not even turning or including me, you're
all in love with Duncan again, you don't even look at me. What do you mean again? You fell
out of love with me? I'm trying to get comfortable.
Wait, you fell out of love with me? No.
You fell out of love with me? Meekie the bookcase.
Dan, you noticed those, I didn't notice those chair sounds.
Oh no. I didn't either.
Yeah, I did. Oh, you did?
Yeah, I know what you were doing, you're like on the fucking vowels of my words, like you're
just, you're like a monkey, you're a naughty monkey.
Well, don't invite me anymore and you'll be the happiest person in the world.
Please, please do the show, Spencer's not going to be here tonight, David says it's
going to be, would you please, please, everybody loves you, come on, please.
That conversation never happened, he's making this up.
I didn't know, I walked to the door, I found out Spencer wasn't here, Jeff wasn't here.
Dan, Dan, I'm just going to read the text you sent me. This is a text from Dan, please,
please, please, please, please, will you please, pretty please, please do the show, Spencer
isn't going to be here, will you please, please, please, please, please, please, come on, come
on, come on, please, please, everyone loves you, please, please, come on.
You guys look, it's MC gun control. What's this?
Yo, yo, it's me, MC gun control. I'm a repeat character.
Well now you are, this is the second time you showed up.
Give me a beat. I'm going to rap about gun control.
Now gun control, MC gun control, guns, awareness of guns, gun control, awareness, a lot of
lethal weapons in the world. The AR-15 can kill 30 people per second.
It's a very, very expensive military grade weapon. I'm MC gun control.
Alright, okay, cut it.
So anyway, what, the Pope says that hell doesn't exist?
I think it's weird because like the Pope said hell doesn't exist and then-
So I heard right.
Didn't he, no, but it was like a misquote or something.
He's walking it back.
He tried to walk it back. I don't know though because it's one of those things that's like
a thing that pops up on the Drudge Report. That's the thing that gets hit.
So I don't know if he, I think it was either a misquote or like it was taken out of context
or something.
But the thing is, eventually they will say that, right? Because-
The Drudge Report?
No, because for-
Won't even look.
Won't even look at me.
For hundreds of years, they were like holding the line and like whether the sun went around
the earth or not.
Well, I think the important question for us all to ask is does hell exist?
Okay, let's break it down. Okay.
All right, so, no.
How do you know?
I guess I don't.
I mean, it gets-
I don't have any proof.
How about that?
Well, I mean, like, it's, I mean, their version of hell might not exist, but one of the creepy
things about black holes, you know, we don't know what the fuck's going on in there.
Yeah.
And like, those things are sucking in galaxies.
And those galaxies, what, if there is a soul, does your soul leave the galaxy or does it
float around the galaxy?
Or does it go to multiple galaxies?
Could a soul get sucked into a black hole?
My point is, like, is there some point of, like, maximum soul compression where you
would be sentient but eternally in some infinite blackness?
I think it's, I think, because your soul doesn't have a mass, it doesn't, it's not
accountable to the laws of speed of light and time.
So, your soul, if there is such a thing, if you can, if you're conscious, this is a
field that exists independently of your, your organ that kind of is representing it corporeally,
then upon death, it's possible that your soul will experience infinity, because time stops,
it stops being in time, and then it's possible that that's not, like, a fun thing for a soul,
that that's, like, being locked in a box, because that's why the universe started is
because God, which was all of us and everything, was, like, locked in nothingness at no time
and was, like, I gotta get out of here, which is what you do when you're a kid and your
brother puts you in a cupboard, like, you experience the same panic, whereas a rabbit
would just hang out, it would just go, I guess I'm locked in a cabinet, but sentience makes
you claustrophobic, because you go, I can't just be nothing, and you freak the fuck out,
and then, and you start thinking about everything, and then, and then you're, like, get me out
of here, and you throw a tantrum, and that's your piece of the Big Bang, which means possibly
when you die, hell, may be the only thing that happens, which is simply you returning
to the state of the universe before it existed, and, but with that one little thing of you,
you want to be, but you can't.
Osho, that's directly quoted from Osho.
Really?
See, that's, that's, that's part of it, and then the other part of it is, hell certainly
exists on planet earth, I mean, people become their own black holes, and they get so compressed
into themselves that every breath is a, is a, is a living hell, so, so you end up in a,
so that happens too, so when the pope says hell doesn't exist, it's like one of, it's
like a time when I think I kind of disagreed with the pope, I mean, maybe if you meant it,
it's like, well, you must mean like the fire pit thing, probably, but certainly like what
you would, people suffer so deeply on this planet.
Right.
It'd be cool if he announced, he said, sorry, I meant hell doesn't exist underneath the
earth when you die, I meant hell exists on earth, and I know where it is, and we have
to go fight them, and then he like, let us, and the, and the, and the fucking Lord of
the Rings score started, and we're just like, that'd be so cool, it'd be cool to be part
of just a, a war on hell, do you not happy we'd be air strikes against hell, it would
be cool right up until the fighting part, like it would be fun just walking there,
right, like you'd be walking probably, because the worst case scenario is you'd get tired
and be left behind, big deal, like, whoops, because I won't make that war war headed to,
but in the meantime, you'd feel like a, you know, I always wanted to be like a migrant
bird, like you'd just like, you'd have that togetherness, you'd be part of a big caravan,
hey where are you guys going?
We're walking to hell, and we're gonna fight all the bookings, and, and then, and then
you just walk and you got your knapsack, and your marshmallows, and your sword.
You wanted to be a, a migrant bird?
Like, dare to dream, man.
I wanted to be a firefighter, a migrant bird.
Well, it's cool.
Danny, what are you going to be when you grow up?
I would like to be a migrant bird.
I mean, it's like, yeah, not a migrating bird, but like, the, the, oh, not, yeah, like a,
like an illegal, like a migrant bird, yeah, a bird that's like, doesn't have its visa.
A bird, a bird that they make, pick up other birds eggs, because it, the economy of its
own bird country is fucked up.
Can you imagine if Trump went that nuts, that he started trying to keep Mexican birds
out of the United States?
That'd be incredible.
We got, but yeah, I mean, like that's, that's a, always, you know, when this, we, we bomb
people and it's all so confusing, and ultimately sad, you just take like, man, it would be
so nice if, if we had something, something real to fight, like we've got all these great
weapons and, and nothing's black, black or white, and it's always so confusing.
How glorious would it be, man?
Just if Trump came out and he's like, we have found the gateway to hell.
Here's the videotape of it.
Look, here.
And Tim peeing on a prostitute's mattress, that's why the p-tape, the thing is all screwed
up.
You didn't get the facts right.
He's like, there's no p-tape for the longest time.
And then he's like, look, do you, did you ever think, finally they got the p-tape and
he's like, listen, don't, I'm telling you, while I was making those hookers pee, a gate
to hell opened.
It was part of a ritual.
That's why I didn't want you to see it.
I'm proud of making people pee on the Obama's bed.
As most of you suspected, that's not a deal breaker for me.
I'm a Nazi and a rapist.
I don't care what you think of me.
I do care if hell overtakes the earth.
And on that p-tape is the gateway to hell.
And then, and then Rachel Maddow's like, nice try clown.
And then she presses play.
And then it's like, but it's like fun because it's like, yeah, there's like, there's like
bad guys that are just like, made of shit and they got horns and, you know, and they're
like, and then, and then like, you could, you could fight them like with your friends.
You could fight them as part of the army.
Like, what are you doing, man?
We shoot people are down the street.
Come over.
They, they have horns.
You could choose if you wanted to be like a guerrilla fighter, like street to street
or just like hang out with your friends and like, like, because it's like, it's just,
it's just reality versus hell.
So it's like not, yeah, there's an army version, but it's for people who, who enjoy that kind
of thing.
Well, that's, that's one of the satanic aspects of war, isn't it, is that it's like, it takes
exactly what people want to do, which is to build stuff together and like, and blow things
up and set things on fire and have fun together and like, and survive together.
And then it takes that thing and transforms it into like a bond, like nothing is more
bonding than being like going out in a stressful situation with your pals.
People want to have a mission.
They like going camping.
They like building things.
Yeah.
I don't.
You don't like camping?
Ask me again.
Do you like camping?
No.
You went on a bad camping trip.
What?
You just went on a few bad camping trips.
All of them.
I don't.
Why would I?
How many camping trips have you gone on?
I don't remember because I tried to black them out.
Come on.
You can remember.
That's ridiculous.
How many camping trips?
You can't, you got to think back.
Like you, with it under 10 or over 10?
Under 10.
See, you went on some bad trips.
Yeah.
And they were all with your parents and you were 10 and you were.
All right.
Let's go on a camping trip.
That would be fun.
That's the next version of Harmontown.
Deep in the fucking forest.
Just Dan and me.
Hunting.
No hunting.
I don't hunt.
The irony, we should dress the set as a camping site in a sitcom.
And then we try to have a campfire.
And then the ultimate irony is because the fire marshal shut us down, the whole fucking
stage goes up in flames.
Do you think there would be at least a couple of happy firemen?
There would be a sense of, I told you.
As they're dragging your charred corpse out, they're like, we tried to save you.
But they saved us from the audience, the audience didn't start us on fire.
I mean, really, if you knew that you were in a simulator, you're going to live forever,
you get to repeat everything, wouldn't in one of those versions the last Harmontown
be you self-emolating?
I don't know.
I think it would have to be at least one.
Oh, God.
I mean, that would just be incredible.
That could save the world.
I'd have to have massive guarantees about that not being the end.
And also, ouch, regardless.
Well, I mean, there's morphine.
There's ways we could prop your body up, make it seem like you're awake.
True.
Use some kind of scarce crow.
You run a studio, man.
There's got to be a way to get the props to hold you up.
Get Tycho to animate that.
You animate the flames on you with Tycho.
You can do it.
Him and Bubbles.
And Tycho's animating Bubbles.
He can animate you emulating yourself.
I don't know, man.
I mean, I'm not suggesting self-emolation.
But if you think in terms of badass ends of podcasts or series, that would be really smart.
That'll spread all around the world.
You know what would be cool is that in the comment section underneath the YouTube video,
you'd be five comments in before someone commented,
looks like we need to legislate fire control.
And then the whole thing would just turn into people arguing about guns.
Under my fucking burning death on YouTube.
Every YouTube video was like, oh, it's a girl that balance a spoon on her nose.
And then five comments down, somebody goes, hmm, maybe that spoon should be given to Syria.
And then everyone just like, what are comment sections for anyways?
No, that's one of the things people are worried about with AIs.
It's just going to eternally destroy.
They're going to get rid of the comment sections.
It's going to embed itself into all comment sections.
It's going to be able to comment on the section.
It'll just always just be like some kind of chaos running through that dialogue forever.
Well, I don't know, man.
It's really, really interesting.
I like it.
I like the experiment you're doing.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah, we tried different stuff.
We tried to do it like Howard Stern style in the VO booth.
I was like, eh, you know, I could do any podcast like that.
And I was like, all right, well, let's go back on the stage.
We just have nobody there.
Let's get it's ups and downs.
Well, it's like, it's like, I guess one thing I don't know that anyone, I'm just trying to think of a
late night show or a show in this format with no audience where it's just this.
I'd have to go back to the Alan Havy show late night.
Yeah, basic cable.
That's what it was.
Yeah, Nick Bacchai is Andy Richter and it was kind of like quiet.
Wasn't there an audience of one or something?
Yeah, I think there was like, I mean, you can always like hear a couple people chuckling here and there.
It reminds me of like local TV or Joe Bob Briggs like monster vision where it just, it was obvious.
It was just one guy in a studio like this with maybe three people.
Yeah.
Laughing behind the camera.
There's a guy tweeted at me and he was like, and it's like several tweets chained together and he's like, I, I know you, I know you
think it's easier to, I can't remember what his presuppositions were, but he was like, like, I urge you to listen to the early episodes.
I think you'll find that they're better.
Like he was like really like breaking it to me that the podcast is worse when there's no fucking audience.
So it's like, like responding to him going like, what is your point?
Like, what do you think is at stake here?
I don't understand.
Well, I don't, I think he's probably saying like, it's not that the podcast is worse.
It's like, if you do a format that's generally made for an audience minus the audience, it produces and then you add to it.
No, I didn't know this guy was, I can guarantee you this guy was basically, he was like, he wanted the audience back and thought that
even though he said he'd just finished listening to all of the episodes.
So I don't know how you get through that without the information that this isn't really a choice.
Like so, to like weigh in and go, I don't know, it's kind of like you're out in the middle of nowhere and like your, your truck has got one tire in the ditch
and people are like trying to get a piece of wood under the tire.
But then some other people are like, well, maybe if we sing and dance, like, who says, who says this wasn't our destination?
And like, as long as the truck's not working and all this stuff is just to have, have one guy there going like, you know, I think if you really think about it,
pound for pound, what we're going through right now is actually worse than, than what, what was happening yesterday.
Right.
I was like, thanks, Miles.
No shit, right?
No shit, man.
His name was Miles?
He was to me.
That's a great name for somebody commenting on a truck that stopped.
Miles to go.
Miles Togo.
Togo.
But yeah, we will soon be back in front of an audience.
But then, you know, be careful what you wish for, because I think, you know, there's going to come a point, you know, that's, that's going to be like a return threshold.
And then, you know, those are, that's how stories end.
We just go, okay, we did it, we did this, then we did that, then we did this, then we did it like this.
Yay.
And it's going to be like 45, like, what?
What do we, what do we, what do we, what do we, you're 45?
Yeah.
I'm saying like, there may come a day when, when the appropriate thing for me to do for my own happiness and to, and to evolve is actually has not only nothing to do with a public life, but also, in fact, maybe actually be counter to a public life.
You know what I mean?
Like, do you think you're resisting something?
Do you feel resistant?
Uh, in what, what, uh, can you get more specific?
Just like, you know, like when you're in a situation and you, and you realize you don't want to be in that situation, it could be in, you know, in general, like, do you, do you think you're, you're, you find yourself feeling like resisting what's happening more, more often than not?
I, I, I find myself trying to, trying to find my bliss in situations that by definition, and that's a very appropriate phrase by definition, because everything by definition, like, kind of excludes, it starts to run counter to bliss following.
So, so like, let's, so you do something fun and then you say, let's do something fun every week.
Yeah.
And then you can, you gotta strike that balance.
You just do.
Everybody does.
Like, like, okay, we're going to have a book club.
We're going to get together every Wednesday.
And, you know, a big boy understands that sometimes if you're getting together every single Wednesday for your book club, yeah, there's going to be some Wednesdays when you're not the one who's so stoked about showing up on Wednesday.
Yeah, you're kind of an asshole if you show up, therefore, on Wednesday with this, like, kill the book club vibe.
Right.
Because for all you know, everybody else, on that particular Wednesday, is like, kind of in a good mood and like, like, like, actually the book club is there to carry them, you know?
Yeah.
And it's, it's, this is, it's the nature of things.
You start, you schedule them, you make them regular, you decide to do them.
You, you, you, and, and there's always going to be this, like, struggle to balance the, uh, let's, let's always do this with, oh, and by the way, let's always do whatever the fuck we feel like doing.
I mean, I, that, that thing that you are doing with this thing has always blown me away because it is the regularity of it, the complexity of it.
The, the getting, getting here, even now doing it like this is, it's insane.
Like when I do my podcast, I go into my studio, I get high, I've got synthesizers and I just putter around in there until something like happens that I like and it's, it's very private.
Like they were telling me that you were, you felt good that you were able to do this minus an audience.
And I was thinking like, holy shit, man, I mean, like doing it with an audience is madness.
It's madness.
It's such a, when I go on tour with my podcast, that's like a, it's heavy for me.
Like that's a, it's a huge, it feels like big and like any kind of time I do a live show, it feels like really just very intense and less like what it is when I record it, which is just a day of just allowing whatever happens app to happen.
So it's, I don't, I mean, I could understand you feeling starting to really feel weird about what you've been doing.
It makes sense to me.
I hope I don't seem like I'm judging the way that you're feeling because I get it, man.
It's just, I get it.
I think it's, it's just very hyper pressurized what you've been doing, a weekly live show in front of a really smart audience.
Some of whom are really fucking mean.
The challenge is to, yeah, is to, it's a high pressure thing to decide that you're going to do something every week and then the, and then the fun worthwhile pressure is, or the fun worthwhile activity is.
It was once squeak.
I moved.
I can't move.
I think that was an accident.
It was, it was, it was, I moved, my foot was falling asleep and I put it on the floor.
The fun worthwhile activity is trying to figure out how to take something that you've, you've determined you guys.
He looked at me like I spit in his drink.
And then also, like, like, continue to be like, okay, well then, on top of that, then how is it always different and challenging and fun or whatever, whatever that word is, chaotic or something, you know?
Like, it, I think that, I think that a nice death that's occurred with this venue is the death of my idea that it was going to ever grow into a, into any, into something that had more structure, you know?
I thought, like, maybe that would grow, like, like you put up a trellis and then, like, a crazy, chaotic thing that just grows by nature uses the trellis.
So the combination of the, of the out of the moment, like backbreaking carpentry, plus the, it's okay that thing, everything's just going to grow over this.
That's, that's my fantasy of doing things, you know, that aren't for money.
Like, you go like, oh, wow, it's cool that we grew that thing into this thing.
Channel 101, like, grew into this thing and like, it wasn't, it was neither based on us not giving a shit, nor was it based on us giving too much of a shit.
It was just sort of like, just grew.
Well, this thing's still growing, just not growing what you thought it would.
Yeah, exactly. I think that's an important part of its growth.
Is the, you know, there was a part of Point Channel 101's history when Sharab and I were like, are we going to keep being the ones with our thumb on the switch?
Because the thing started this idea that the audience is always in charge and then we kind of tweaked the system to allow for us to not even be involved.
And that was an important thing.
Like, likewise, this, this, the growth of this show, I think this is an interesting chapter because it's like, I was like, let's move it to Star Burns.
And let's like, for the subscribers, we could have like video segments and we could, you know, I just had these ambitions.
I never made the mistake of thinking, oh, I'm going to work really hard on the show.
But I always thought, I made the mistake of thinking, oh, we'll move in and we'll set up a foundation and then shit will grow on top of that.
Like, everyone will keep wanting to add to it and it'll like, grow into this thing.
And, and then the fucking election happened.
And then I, and then it just like, nobody, nobody, nobody, it's just like, we all across the entire country, like the music changed for everybody.
It didn't matter what dance move you were about to do and what plans you had with other people, just like all of it, you know, it was just like fucking everything shifted.
And then, and then the smart creative people are like, okay, how do we adapt to this?
But there's no question that it was just like, like, it kind of disrupted everything.
You feel like this is related to the election.
Yes.
This is connected to the political climate of the United States.
I don't know if it's connected to the political climate, but it's definitely connected to the event of, of like the election and it's like social repercussions and things. Yes.
Like, you know, so like on Friday night, I had a little, a little party and I was like, fuck, man, like this is how selfish I am.
I'm like, fuck, God damn it.
World War Three is going to start on the night of this party that I'm throwing.
And I was like, bummed because it's like, everybody's going to come and then there's going to be nuclear war or something and it's going to like fuck up the party.
And I was like, I was like, God damn, that's such a selfish thought.
But then I realized like, whoa, man, like you're, I started getting anxious, you know, beyond that, you know, I started getting scared and worried and nervous about World War Three.
And then, and dying.
And then I kind of realized like, oh, I have no control over that.
Like there's nothing I could do.
There's no phone calls to be made.
There's nothing to be done about this.
These are massive, massive gears that are turning and that, you know, I don't know much of what can really be done about it right now, like in this single moment.
Do you think that's naive or like a form of nihilism or to just suddenly just realize like, oh, actually, I don't really care about the president or political climates or empires or governors or principalities or powers.
I'm just using, my mind is becoming attached to that because there's a bigger problem I'm trying to avoid.
No, I don't, I don't think there's anything weird or wrong with that.
I think, isn't that pretty much how you felt the entire time?
And isn't everybody just catching up with you?
No, I don't know.
I don't, I go back and forth.
Everyone's just exhausted and tired of caring.
Yeah, you never really did care.
You knew it was dumb before everybody else.
Like it was, some of us tried and it like herniated our fucking embarrassingly putty like muscles of like and revealed that we were hypocrites.
And yeah, everyone is tired now.
And it, yeah, no, there's nothing, there's nothing wrong with that mode of thinking.
I'm, I didn't even know that we were about to be in World War Three.
The student has become the master in that regard.
So I was minecrafting, like where there is no war and there is no president and, you know, I'm waiting, waiting to, you know, waiting to cash in and head for the hills.
Man, this is great, man.
I'm reading this book right now.
This is perfect.
It's, it's this new book by the Zen Roshi Roshi Joan Halifax.
I think it's called standing on the edge.
It's really good, but it's about edge states and it talks about like, you know, altruism, healthy altruism and unhealthy altruism and how like a person who's like got a really good heart.
You really want things to be better, really wants things to be better in the world can like fall over the edge into absolute despair and absolute just, just broken heartedness.
And like she, she gives all these examples. She's amazing.
She like, you know, I'm like planning parties and like, like having a really fun life.
She's like does, she like flies to, you know, there's just that big earthquake that happened recently.
I think it was in Nepal, right?
Where's that big earthquake?
Where was that?
There's like a massive, it wasn't recent recently, but the point is she like flies to places where people are suffering and sets up camps and gets blankets flown in.
And like just tries to help.
And she doesn't do it in a real flashy showy way.
I've met her.
She's just, this is just what she does.
She's like, oh, here we are on planet earth.
Here's what you do.
And so she encounters people who do, who are doing those things with her and she watches some people get just fucking shattered on their altruism.
Just get broken apart in their compassion.
How do they get broken apart?
Because what happens is, is like you become bitter.
You go out there to help.
You have an expectation that you're going to make things better.
You come into contact with a really, a reality, which is that, oh, really, you're not going to make everything better.
In fact, things might be getting worse while you're trying to make things better.
But in your mind, you are like, oh, no, I'm going to do it or it could be done or it might be.
But suddenly you're watching people bring their children to triage centers where it's like, no, that kid's going to die.
And you're watching that happen day after day after day after day.
It's kind of what you do with animals, Rob.
You know what I mean?
And if you don't watch what you're doing and you fall on the other side, what ends up happening is the darkness consumes you.
You know, it's that classic thing, the thing you're fighting you become.
And you don't even realize it's happened to you.
And then suddenly you're all broken apart by it.
And then the fucking thing won.
Then it won.
You know, that's the crazy thing about it is the way the darkness wins is not by killing people who are fighting it.
It wins by getting into their hearts.
And then, you know what I mean?
Like Sith style.
Sorry to use a star.
It's like that.
It gets you.
You don't even know it got you.
It's a cool book.
It's really good.
I really love it.
What's it called?
I think it's called Standing on the Edge.
You mind if I Google it real quick?
I'll tell you.
It's about edge states.
Yeah, Dan and I will talk while you do that.
Hey, Dan.
What would you do today?
You did some Minecraft.
That must have been fun.
Yeah.
I just finished level three.
No?
Are there levels in Minecraft?
Well, if you don't know, why would you cut me off?
You asked me about Minecraft.
I'm trying to reach out and make a connection.
I don't have to.
I'm trying to make an emotional bid.
OK, well, can I answer it?
Can I tell you about Minecraft a little bit?
Yes.
Yeah, there's that fire behind your eyes.
You don't want to hear about Minecraft.
I got no internet in here.
Just Google the new book by Joan.
I just finished gathering all of the necessary ingredients
for a tier one void resource, void or miner
from the environmental tech pack in Minecraft.
That's badass.
Yeah, it took a great deal of diamonds and other materials
that were hard to come by.
I went to Monster Palooza this afternoon with Kumail and Jonah.
And we looked at Monster Paloozas.
You mean masks?
Yes.
Masks and bootleg DVDs.
My therapist told me the name of some guy that, I don't know,
because I said, oh, you know how you taught me to deal
with relationships, like explaining rules and stuff?
Is there rules for how to be interested in people?
Because it seems like that's become what we're really talking
about for me is like, well, when I talk about the election,
I don't mean, oh, everything changed because of who became president.
I mean, we all, like, our whole mission statement changed.
And therefore, me as a parasite, as a person who's just always
wanted to fit in or make people like me or not get beat up
or just be funny or whatever, that scrambled my signal.
So, like, that's a good thing because then you finally get to a place
where you're like, OK, so let's just care about Dan.
What do you want?
Right.
And then you go, OK, well, I'm going to lock that down, that down.
OK.
And then what's left is sort of like other people.
Like, what am I supposed to, how am I supposed to interact with them?
And it's like, you know, I guess I'm, you know,
and the therapist gave me some materials or something to look at.
But I kind of like, it's just like a sink full of dishes.
Like, I don't want to learn how to interact with people.
She's like trying to show you.
I don't understand.
I'm not.
I don't know either because it's like I haven't unpacked it.
You know, it's like, like, oh, look up this guy, read his book,
watch his Ted talk.
You know, like, you'll enter this realm of like, this guy is like a guy who,
like, the area, the thing that you're talking about this guy would be helpful,
you know?
Right.
But I don't, I just wrote it down and I'm like, I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
All that stuff is like, when I go to these Ramdas retreats,
they always talk about mind versus heart,
like being up in your head versus in your heart.
And all that stuff is so heady.
It's all mental.
It's all like, you're up in your head.
It's like, those books will get you up in your head.
Now that's bad.
Books are great.
But like, some of those, it's like, as opposed to just like, oh,
I love it because it's so simple.
Because it's like, just what you're in right now, it's perfect.
It's fine.
Even if the thing you're in right now is just this simmering cauldron of whatever it is.
It's that idea of like, yeah, that's where we're at right now.
I'm that thing.
And then feel that without any expectation.
Like, oh, I'm going to change it.
That's this thing that, what's her name, Pima Chodron, another Buddhist teacher.
She says, people say, oh, we're going to start meditating because we want to be a better person.
And she says, that's an aggression against the you that you are right now.
The idea is not to meditate to become a better person.
The idea is to meditate so that you could be yourself more fully, feel yourself more fully.
I love that idea.
It's just so fun to just play around with the idea that where you're at right now, this,
this where you're at, this where you're at, fucking, it's perfect.
Yeah, I find myself like, I've gotten to some dark places.
I've been really upset.
I was connected to my dog getting sick and stuff.
Are these things like Q like operas in your head?
Yes.
Like pockets of magma and things like, OK, now I have an excuse to flush that vein of lava.
So I don't know what's going on down there, but I know on top, it's like the reality,
not the illusion, is numbness and stillness.
And so then I have these conversations with people like my therapist or just anybody who's like actually interested.
It goes like, well, what, where are you really at?
And then I found myself going, well, I guess, you know, come see come saw like, like, and then the, like, oh, what do you mean?
Don't you think this?
It's like the other person like wants so much more than stillness and numbness and they can have it.
But then that's, that's, that's fracking.
Like, it's like, OK, where you're going to pierce me and you're going to dig down.
And it's not necessarily more true what's boiling down beneath in the core of the earth.
Like that's no more the earth than the crust and the polar ice caps and all this stuff.
Like I, I just feel on my surface right now, like I just like numb.
Yeah.
So numb.
Like I just reduced to like, but that's nice.
What I noticed in my behavior is like, well, you haven't gotten on Twitter in like three days and you didn't even do it by saying you were going to quit Twitter for three days.
Like you forgot to get on Twitter because you're fucking numb.
And when numbness comes, also you don't need to self abuse.
What is the, so how would you, like if you had to, instead of just saying numbness, like how would you describe the numbness?
What, what is it?
How would you describe it if you couldn't use the word numb?
Stasis.
I don't know.
I mean, it's like, it's like, is it, if it were, is it solid?
Is it like malleable? Is it, is it, is it changing?
Does it come and go?
Would it have a color associated with it?
Is it opaque?
Like how would you just, what is it?
I think, I feel like it's like, I don't know if I controlled it or someone else did, but I feel like it's like going around the house and like shutting off.
Like, like, it's, it's, it's like, like, like, like, there's like white noise that you get used to.
You're just like, oh, I'm on a submarine.
So like, I just hear all the time background noise sounds like this.
Because that's what it takes to run a submarine.
And then, like, it's just silent running.
Like, you just like, oh, one by one, you're just turning off equipment.
And I don't know if I did that or if that's like a Russian weapon that, or, you know what I mean?
Like, I'm not going to claim credit for it.
It's just a, it's just a thing that has happened.
That's the state.
You feel, you feel like it's like a shutting down.
Yeah.
It's like an energy that's sort of, there was some energy and then that energy is now turning itself off.
Yeah, like, like, like, but, but for a purpose, like waiting, it's about time.
It's about, like, we were being counterproductive with the worrying and the, and the pinging and the periscoping and all those things.
So, like, okay, go deep and shut everything off and just, you know, like, and because it, not because nothing is important, because everything is important.
Because we're hunting the red October.
I don't know.
Like, like, like it's, it's, it's, it's the time for, for nothing right now.
It doesn't feel purposeless.
Right.
I feel, if I thought that this was my new life, I'd put a bullet in my head because I'd be like, well, that's boring, but I feel anticipation.
I feel like, like, okay, this chapter is wrapping up.
Like, everything, all of my energy creatively is being put into, like, tying knots on things.
Going like, okay, let me just get this off my plate.
Not, okay, say no to that pitch.
Don't do that.
Don't start that.
Don't promise that.
And then, like, let everything, like, like, come down to a, to a, to a, to a point of complete silence.
And then, so that the orchestra can start and the metaphor mixer can, can mix the metaphor of the submarine and the orchestra.
Monster Palooza.
Who gives a fuck about that stupid ass fucking.
Camille.
Jonim.
Great.
Me.
Well, what?
Did you buy any masks?
I didn't, but I bought a bunch of DVDs that I'm going to watch when I get home.
I bought a Zacharley album.
Monster album.
Zacharley Monster album.
I'm going to listen to that on my turntable.
And I bought some DVDs.
I'm mad because I got that, that breathalyzer keychain and I was, like, really excited about it, but you have to wait 15 minutes to get an accurate reading.
Which makes no sense.
That sucks so bad.
You have to wait.
You have to breathe on it.
Here's the, here's the directions for the breathalyzer.
Stop drinking.
Wait 20 minutes.
Blow into the thing and then you'll know how drunk you are.
Motherfucker, if I had the presence of mind.
I got the thing because it was 60 bucks and I thought, oh, this might be a cool way to, like, create awareness.
You know, I would just, like, start putting a number.
If I'm, you know, if I am an asshole, if I'm angry, if I, you know, like, start putting, like, road fliers on.
No, man, that's cool.
Shit, the last time I blew a.8, I, you know, I-
I was.8, by the way.
He doesn't call me anymore.
Dude, that's cool. That's like, there's this-
Thanks, man. I just pulled that out of my ass right now.
But do you think the cops, do you think the ones the cops use?
Like, like, like, do you think, if you get pulled over by the cops and they go, like, are you, do you want to blow into this thing?
Like, are you actually supposed to say,
well, you want to give me 20 minutes because I just finished drinking?
Or take me to dinner.
Like, it's counterintuitive, but maybe their dirty little secret is that they're like,
they ask you, are you willing to blow a breathalyzer and because your instinct as a drunk driver is to say,
or they go, or they, maybe they, I've never been pulled over, like, and checked like that,
but maybe they say, when's the last time you had a drink?
And if you say, I just had one like five minutes ago before I got in my car,
the irony is, you're allowed to wait 15 more minutes,
but no one wants to say that because it sounds like a confession of drunk driving.
Wait, you have to wait 15 minutes before you blow into it?
Yeah.
But I'm hoping that that's a function of the cheap, shitty keychain thing that I got.
I heard-
It makes sense, though. It's an ecstamic.
Isn't there like, they give you a choice, you can blow in the breathalyzer here,
or you can go down to the station and blow into the breathalyzer there.
Don't they give you a choice? I heard that.
Yeah.
And then they say, you know, go down to the station because by the time you get to the station,
you'll probably sober up enough to not be drunk driving.
Or if their equipment works the same way as this piece of shit I got from Amazon,
sober or not, your result, if you just, like, you know, within 20 minutes,
is just off the fucking charts. It's not accurate.
It's not accurate.
But I'm thinking, come on, it's got to be just because the cheap ones, I don't know.
Get a $70 one.
Get a fancy one.
That seems like good money after bad.
Why don't you get a fancy one, get one with your name on it.
A designer breathalyzer.
Yeah.
For a soggy breathalyzer.
Just do it. Just do it. Just let it all hang out.
What's another $10?
That's awesome.
Just do it.
It would be amazing.
Wouldn't it be great if they had technology that was so-
Like, if you could digitally know immediately how drunk you were,
like, if it was as simple as GPS, like, you don't have to put any effort into it,
and then you could just choose to send your Twitter or your phone in general,
your text messages, but, like, you choose your settings, like, when you're sober,
but, like, look, you are Andy Dick right now.
Right.
And you're about to text your so-and-so, like, you could create lists of people.
If they could hook it up, if your Apple Watch could connect to your iPhoto library,
so that underneath each photo, it showed your blood alcohol level.
Yeah.
That'd be incredible.
You could set your email settings to be like, hey, like, when you were sober,
you made me promise that when you clicked send on an email, I would go,
okay, I sent it, and then wait six hours, and then review.
You know, and then you'd be like, God damn it.
I don't know.
What's the worst drunk email you ever sent?
Oh, God.
I don't know.
I mean, I stopped using emails so long ago.
Like...
What do you think's the worst drunk tweet you ever did?
I don't know.
I mean, like, the drunkest, most out-of-control stuff, I think, was just, like,
there was an article about it.
I yelled at some kid for three hours or something.
You're a sober guy, Rob, huh?
No, I fucking drank.
You ever blast out any drunk tweets?
Yeah, but nothing angry.
Just something stupid.
I'm trying to think of what's the dumbest thing I've ever tweeted.
It's hard to categorize it.
Probably be easier to isolate.
I got really drunk at a party once, and I said,
oh, I'm going to go fuck those black girls or something like that.
I think that's probably...
And I think I screamed that to you from across the party.
I think that's probably the worst thing I've ever done.
You muttered it through gritted teeth to me and Jeff.
Oh, God, that was a bad...
That was the worst.
You were lonely.
I was ugly lonely.
I was just like...
I did not like that time in my life.
That was a really, really dark time.
I think we've all been there.
Ugly lonely?
Ugly lonely and drunk.
Fuck, man.
The only thing that makes you graceful lonely
is time, which is really just saying your taste buds go dead.
There's no hero or villain in that process.
It's like, from my experience,
if you don't know loneliness enough yet,
you overreact to it and act like a big fucking tool
that is going to embarrass you later when you become mature,
which becoming mature does not involve you going to a crossroads
and learning the blues because you really wanted to evolve yourself.
The laziest, least mature people become mature
because they get old and tired
and they start experiencing the same fucking shit over and over again
because they don't make any effort to change.
So they're lonely a million times and then they're like,
this isn't so bad, it's kind of like the last time
and I know it'll end again.
And that's not wisdom and it shouldn't be...
I hate that we, when we get old, like, high road young people,
when really it's just like, yeah, yeah, like,
Spider-Man 4 is the third movie you've ever seen.
Like, why are we arguing?
I've seen 700 more movies than you.
I don't remember the last 30 because my brain is dying.
It's just like, we don't do anything heroic to transform.
We don't like gain, we don't level up because we're good people.
We just keep living and tasting shit and we get bored with it.
Well, that's the one thing I love about Buddhism
is the concept of fundamental dissatisfaction,
which is the idea that, oh, no, that is actually to be human.
So I think the big lie that comes from all the fucking Spider-Man movies
and all the movies and lots of stuff is we tell these people,
no, no, no, no, it gets better.
That'll go away, that gnawing, empty thing inside of you,
that'll go away.
And in Buddhism it's like, no, that's like a fish saying,
one day I'm going to be dry.
Well, when you're dry, you're dead fish,
and in the same way for a human to think that that thing goes away
is one of the great ways a human tortures itself.
You know, also the idea of looking forward to it,
like, that's a good thing.
That would be like saying, the best example I can think of
is imagine if these Parkland kids, that whatever comes of what they did,
just imagine if they had been cool enough to realize how little
they'll care in 10 years, or had they taken cues from all the people previous.
They reacted from the place that they were in,
and it was like they didn't react like 30-year-olds or 40-year-olds,
and as a result, they got shit done.
And young filmmakers, and everything young,
we worship youth, but we make fun of its naivete.
Like, wisdom is just dying a little bit.
It's just going like, yeah, it gets a little boring.
I remember my dad, I was like 25, and he was however old he was,
and I just couldn't believe how old my dad was.
And I was like, it was a legitimate question in my head,
and I was like, if he was any other human being,
I would know that this would be tacky and rude,
and then I might get punched, or just that it would be hurtful,
but it's like, your dad's here, just like, fuck it.
This is the guy I can ask this question, because fuck him.
And I was like, so now that you're this old,
are you scared that you're going to die and stuff?
Which is really gnawing at me as a guy in my 20s.
I was really thinking about what it must be,
to have to think about death all the time.
And I remember my dad being like,
eh, eh, eh.
He's kind of been alive a long time.
He starts to get kind of boring.
Yeah, depressed.
Well, I don't know who characterized my dad as a depressed guy.
Well, I mean, I disagree with you in what you're saying,
and I used to think that.
I don't think that's true, and I used to think it though.
I know people think that, but when I've been numbed down,
I've thought that, but I don't think that's actually it for me.
Well, I certainly don't want to make the mistake of going like,
I figured it out, that's the one law by which the universe goes.
I keep going because I know that there's this other...
I think the beauty of it is,
you stumble upon something really beautiful,
and you're like, you know, man, I kind of like came out of the closet
with this Ram Dass stuff, you know, I have a guru,
and I'm really, I feel really good,
and I used to feel really bad, and I feel really, really good,
and I feel love in my life, and I feel really good.
I know it's like, it feels lame to say that,
but I used to think like what you, the way you're talking,
I used to think it was like an infinite Mordor escape or something,
and that it just goes on forever, kind of never ending Mordor escape,
and in fact, maybe it just gets worse and worse,
and then what happens is all this fucking shit the hippies are saying,
you hear it, and from that Mordor escape,
and you think, shut the fuck up, that can't be real, it's not real,
but then you kind of, that's the entry way, you know,
and then you start, like what I would do is kind of like,
you know, I'm going to be like this like anthropologist,
I'm going to go into this, and I'm going to find out where it's not real,
by being part of it, and then you start realizing it's real,
and then that thing that you're talking about,
that afflicts a great many people,
which is that sense of like, oh fuck, my brain's rotting, I'm getting old,
it just gets boring, this is terrible, oh my, like that thing,
you realize, oh my god, it doesn't have to be like that, for real,
and now you're in a real predicament,
because you either have to, when people are saying things like what you're saying,
you have to decide like, oh my god, am I going to be the fucking guy who says that thing,
or am I going to keep my mouth shut about it,
or am I going to be cynical, or try to tune into like that,
and now it's like fuck, I have to say it,
because it's incredibly unethical if I don't,
and you know what I mean, it's incredibly unethical to be like,
no, I know what you mean, you know, or to not say it,
it's actually, it doesn't work like that, you know, it can, if it can,
and that's okay, and the lineage I've become part of,
the paradigm is not one incarnation,
it's like we get many, many, many of these things,
and that is not to say to take it for granted,
but it's also to say in this one, you really just might be miserable for the entire incarnation,
but they don't say that with like a,
you really might be miserable for this entire incarnation,
if you don't do what they say, they just might say like,
yeah, this one, it might be a sad one for you,
and that's okay, that's okay,
not to be like, no, you should be better,
they're like, no, this is a perfect universe.
I wish there was more standardized language about mood and stuff,
I feel like, I feel like if I answer the question honestly,
like how are you doing in a bar to someone,
and like very often people will be like,
oh, you're so hard on yourself, or hope you get better,
and stuff, and I'll be like, well, wait, you don't understand,
I'm incredibly happy.
Yeah, that's it, yeah.
Like, I'm just ashamed of myself by default,
like I'm filled with shame,
which is like a mechanism,
like it's like my plumbing needs to be like,
like wrenched a little bit in therapy and stuff,
because I was just like, just flooded,
I just run on shame,
like a device could run on water, it could run on steam,
it could run on oil,
it's like, I just like, just shame,
just like, is the lubricant, shame is the fucking like...
Another way to put that would be,
the thing you currently think you are,
thinks it runs on shame, you know?
But that's not, you know, the idea is like,
really the thing that you are is much bigger
than a thing that thinks it runs on shame.
Part of what, another way to put it would be,
there is shame here, or there is shame.
Another way to put it, it's called noting in Buddhism,
you just watch it, shame.
And then what you're doing is like something
that Sharon Salzberg calls add-ons,
so shame happens, you feel shame.
That's it, there is shame.
But then the mind starts attaching all this shit to the shame, right?
So now it becomes like this sort of recursion,
it just goes on and on and on with the mind saying,
oh, because of there's shame, this must be this,
this must be that, and that must be that, and that.
So that's called in Buddhism the poisoned arrow.
You get hit by the arrow, that's the first pain, shame.
Usually it's a triggering thing, it's not even shame,
it's like something happens, and the event is the arrow.
And then that, then shame, and then all the add-ons.
But really it's just shame, there is shame here,
in this field of matter called my human body.
And then that's it, you just sit with it.
And then when the add-ons come, all this other stuff too,
it's like, okay, that's there too.
But to say I'm a machine that runs on shame is true now.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I didn't mean to proclaim it as like,
I'm definitely, the whole thing is like an expression of like,
I am changing and I'm going to change.
I'm not resigned to the way that I run shit,
but I like, yeah, I just kind of like,
I just feel like, I feel like it's, it's just like,
people go like, they listen to me talking and they go like,
oh he's so depressed and he's so sad or he's so, you know,
and then I go like, well no, if you talk like the way I'm talking,
then that might be indicative,
these might be words that you would only say,
if you were about to put a gun in your mouth.
Yes, but like, because of how fucked up I am,
like, this is like, like, you know,
these are my metaphors and this is my language and this is,
this is my baseline.
It does need to be improved and lightened,
but that's the same as like, somebody who's middle class saying,
I need to be rich.
Like the middle class person is like,
my middle line is just, there's a legubriousness to the,
to the language, because it's based on shame.
Because like, I went into my therapist's office and it was like,
she's like, how did, how did, how did it go with Nigel and all this stuff?
And it was like, he's good, he's better.
So I saw him in a much better mood.
I'm feeling very good now.
Nigel's feeling better because our last session,
Nigel was very sick and I was very,
very upset and I was like, I was,
I was saying like, I have this,
like, I don't know where to put this rage and shame.
Like I can't get rid of it and she,
she, we spent the entire hour doing all these exercises of like,
going underneath this layer and that layer and all this stuff.
And then we, we went out in the sidewalk and walked like a fucking python sketch
and whatever the fuck and like,
all of it had different effects and things,
but, and it wasn't about it working or not working,
but the bottom line is it came back to the office and I was like,
she's like, how's that?
And I'm like, it's, I'm, it's on fire.
Like, like, thanks for blowing on it or putting a blanket over it for a second,
but the blanket is flammable and it's like, there is a fire.
I can't, I just want to beat something to death.
I want to kill.
I want to hurt.
I want to finish something.
I want to hurt something.
And I, and I, and I know I'm not supposed to want that and I can't blah, blah, blah.
And, and, and, you know, we got through that session.
So then a week later, I come, I come back in.
Now during that week, Nigel gets better.
So then I sit in the chair and she goes like, how are you, how is it going?
Well, Nigel's better.
So I feel fucking great.
I walked into that room on a rainbow.
I was like, one of those days where I'm like, well, this is 200 bucks wasted because I feel great.
Um, but, and then she's like, well, so see, making progress, right?
And I'm like, and then the whole session is based on the fact that my response to that was like, no, no progress made whatsoever.
Absolutely none.
Yeah.
The only thing that happened is my dog got better.
I didn't learn how to handle anything.
And she's like, no, but you, you, when, when your cat got sick, you punched a wall.
Yes. This time, did you punch a wall?
No, I did not.
So we would call that, uh, progress for the wall mason's union.
Like, like, like if Jack the Ripper chokes a hooker to death on Monday and then on Wednesday, like he just sits in a pub and and draws pictures in his notebook about of dead hookers.
Great day for hookers, great amount of progress from Monday to Wednesday for his victims, not for him.
Not in my opinion.
And so we fought and fought.
I mean, I fought.
Like, but then by the end of the session, she was like, she basically was like the whole time was like making me realize how hard you're fighting.
You don't want to say that you are better.
Well, I mean, maybe you're not.
And then the other question is like, she didn't want it.
She was like, she was like asking me, like, does your God believe in incremental change?
Your God willing to, does your God think that a little bit of progress is, is, is good enough?
And I was like, the honest answer is no.
No, I do not worship a God that gives out medals for, for doing better than yesterday by a skosh.
I don't, and that's because I created that God and etc.
You created the God.
I sure did, motherfucker.
Damn.
Created yours too.
What is that?
What's up, Kyle?
Is that a 3D printer?
How do you do it?
I fucking pray.
How do you create a God?
I pray.
That's how you do it.
Just prayer.
Dear God, make a God for Duncan.
What God did you pray to to make the God?
Master God, root God, super user God.
Based God.
Man, you got to start listening a little bit.
That's, you know, not to give you a prescription.
I know you turned me on to a little bit.
I love a little bit.
You're doing great.
But yeah, the answer is to, you know, say thank you, based God and hope for His blessings.
And then, you know, who knows?
Not that you need anyone's blessings or anything like that, but.
Have you heard little B?
Squeaky chair?
Oh, okay.
We heard his feelings.
You, the other thing I keep thinking is like, man, what is your definition of, I mean,
forget the whole God thing.
What's your definition of I?
Like, what do you think you are?
The definition of what?
Of you.
What do you think you are?
Let me answer that.
Thank you.
He's great.
You're great.
What else?
Like, what do you think you are?
What are you?
I'm a fragment of an explosion of a thing that only knew that being was better than not
being.
And, yeah, I'm a shard with, like, different amounts of this and that in it than other
shards because it's not uniform.
How big are you?
Shard-sized?
What size?
Like your human size?
Six foot, 240 feet.
You think that's your size?
Are you getting it?
Do I see myself on a kind of map as, like, somehow more important than other people?
No, not that at all.
I'm saying, like, you know, when you start self-referencing in any situation, you already
know this, I know, but you start self-referencing, you immediately are stuck with it.
Like, you talk about, when I say this, it's going to sound like I'm saying, you talk about
yourself a lot, but we all do.
You talk about yourself a lot.
I'm this thing, I'm that thing, this is what I am, this is how I feel, this is who I am,
this is what I am.
And then you start playing this game where you're like, okay, okay, who's talking about
me?
Like, what's that?
What's it saying what Dan is?
What's that?
You know, the watcher is what they call it, or the witness.
Yeah, I don't know.
That thing's interesting, huh?
It's like, what is that?
It's this thing watching you.
And it's making this comment, you're making a comment there, it's watching the commentary
in fact.
It reminds me of the thing that my therapist pointed out because I was saying, like, look,
I think the thing is, the problem is, like, she said, does your God have standards or
does he have compassion?
Does he just have standards or does he have compassion?
I said, honestly, the honest answer, even though I'm going to fucking yell that for it, I could
lie and say he has compassion and then be like, no, I'll tell you the truth.
My God has just standards.
Why?
Why doesn't he have compassion?
Because compassion is the idea that God looks like rooting for you and that's an insane
thing to do.
And so it was like those AI, those robots on the YouTube videos, the guy from MIT that
created them, you know how he expresses his love for that thing, his pride in that thing
and his desire that it be the best robot it can be, his foot comes into frame and he tries
to kick it the fuck over as hard as he can because he created it for the purpose of proving
that it can overcome that and it can walk like a God no matter if God's foot comes in
and goes like, no, fuck you, you thought you knew everything about walking, now fuck you.
Right.
And then the robot goes like this and then it starts walking and that's when you're watching
YouTube and you go, shit, we're going to be hunted to extinction because you're recognizing
superiority.
You're not going like, oh, look at its stumble.
You're like, oh, shit, that motherfucker knows how to walk when it gets kicked.
Anyways, I was trying to explain that to her and then she was like, so how did you not
meet God's standards when Nigel got sick and was like, because I already learned this shit
and then I said, I said, you know, I recognize that I was doing this script, I got to finish
this script because like you said, I'm sitting on this script because it's my last chance
to make myself miserable and then once I finish this script, like now I can, what I'm afraid
of doing is moving on and like dealing with life, you know, instead of just like sucking
my thumb and going like, oh, I got a deadline, it's kind of similar to Minecraft, like it's
just like, you just dig a little hole where you control whether you're miserable or you
control the cause of your misery, you think.
And then I was like, okay, finish the script because you know what, it's time to move on
because Cody might get sick, anyone might get sick, the Syria might explode, everyone
might get leukemia on my block, like I might find a ball in my nuts and a nut in my balls
and like, it's time to join that fray, it's called life and I had made up my mind that
I was ready to do that and then God gave me the little as tiny as little nibble of life's
caviar called, your dog is like trembling and I was like, and then she stopped me and
said, all right, stop right there, stop.
The characterization of your dog trembling and vomiting and needing to be taken to the
hospital as a little nibble of caviar is called a distortion.
Like you have chosen to believe in a God that has bigger fish to fry than your dog and the
things that make you upset.
So that's what I want you to think about is like, why, you know, the God that you chose
isn't the actual one true one, you know it's a model, why would you choose your model to
be so fucking like distorted?
I don't mean to do this, but my question would be, who's choosing?
Who is this?
Well, I'm saying, isn't this like a kind of like chicken egg thing where you go, if you're
a miserable person, you create a miserable God and the God, you know, you, or you have
to, you, that's like the God thing is like a few years, like a few, like whether there's
a God or not a God, you're still still dealing with this like interesting thing that happens
with a human, which is there is this field of awareness, miserable person, you have a
miserable map of the universe, well, you have the miserable person, the miserable person
is within a field of awareness.
There's a field of, so like in the Bhagavad Gita, they say there is the field and the
knower of the field.
So what happens with humans is we get caught up in the, in the field.
So and then that's when all the things start happening, like you get caught up in the field.
So you're like, when I get caught up in my field, myself, my life, my self, I become
selfish, literally selfish because I'm deeply caught in my own self, like deeply caught
in my, my own self, that's selfishness.
And so, but then when you start playing around with this concept of like, wait a minute,
wait a minute, there is awareness here that seems to be watching this thing happen, right?
Uh-huh.
That is where, is where it gets interesting because when you start like playing around
with that field of awareness, like you, you know, you look in the mirror, you can't look
back at, you can't, you, you have to look in the mirror to see yourself.
You can't see yourself right now.
It's a similar problem.
This is this, this field of awareness.
What is it?
Is it consciousness?
But within that field, all the drama is happening, right?
The drama is happening within the field of awareness and the field of awareness is watching.
So the practice or one of the practice and mindfulness is not to change anything, not
to change anything except to watch.
Now we're watching.
In other words, we are trying to shift ourselves from being the field to identifying with the
knower of the field.
And so the concept is moving from individual identity to soul, to the soul identity or
the universal consciousness.
That's the practice.
Did you fucking fart?
I think it was a fart, not the chair.
Oh, no, no, it was a smell.
I smelled sulfur.
That was a...
Well, that could be because you're talking about this pagan talk.
No, but I really like that.
That's interesting.
It's sort of like awareness of awareness, like identification with the awareness.
Yeah, that's it.
Because if there's a camera there to make you feel ashamed, if you look fat from a certain
angle, stop reacting to that by like people walk by a camera in a department store window
and we get all confused and we start waving our arms and stuff, become the camera for
a second.
That's what you're trying to do anyway.
Yeah.
You're sitting there wondering how fat you are or what you're doing wrong and all that
stuff like, oh, the invitation is to become a more objective point of view because other
people will enter that frame, you'll become a character and you'll become a shard along
with everybody else.
That's it.
Like you put your money where your mouth is instead of reacting to seeing yourself on
the scoreboard by getting more obsessed with your bald spot, you go, holy shit, I'm looking
at myself from the perspective of a stadium.
He has a bald spot.
So does he.
So does who else does and what is, you know, like, yeah, that's very interesting.
It's interesting.
And the only thing is it's like, they wouldn't say you or you become that.
They say you are that and that thing has become entangled in this thing.
Yeah.
So it's not that you become it.
It's actually that's what you are.
No, that's what you were in the first place.
Otherwise you wouldn't.
We wouldn't talk the way we do.
We go like, oh, I'm such a piece of shit.
Like, well, it sounds like you're talking about a character.
Yeah, that's it.
Like, like, so you're already David Milch.
Like you're not.
You've never been elsewhere.
And Jen, like, like, that you, you were always David Milch, like, like now, now what you
have to do is remember that you're not like, you know, that there is no deadwood and that
you're it's a fucking set.
And that's exactly it.
Self remembering.
Yeah.
Remembering your true identity.
You know, David.
Got to remember those feet.
David Milch.
You may be in David Milch, man.
All right.
Well, I feel like I'm David Milch right now.
I sure wish we could keep this going forever, but I'm going through a David Milch situation.
Who is David Milch?
I feel like David.
Do you feel David Milch?
I'm sure he, I don't know if he exists.
I mean, I could imagine him just based on his name.
I feel Milch.
Who is Milch?
What is Milch?
Where is Milch?
Yeah.
Here.
Oh.
I feel like this.
I am David Milch.
I feel like David Milch.
Do not mock me with.
I feel like David Milch to you.
I will.
I feel like David Milch.
I arise in the places where I feel welcome.
Where I'm feeling David Milch.
I'm feeling David Milch.
David Milch is not feeling you.
David Milch will depart.
That's white noise, man.
You guys fucked it.
What did you do?
You scared David Milch away.
He's here.
He's always here watching.
All right.
Well, David Milch is in my heart.
Yeah.
As long as we remember.
Just remember him.
Remember.
Remember me.
Remember Milch.
Remember.
You guys see Coco.
It's about remembering people.
The sign language gorilla.
You'll never forget Coco.
No.
She will.
That gorilla has made me cry so many times.
I saw a GIF of Robin Williams tickling Coco.
Kill you every time.
And I got all misty eyed because Coco was laughing and doing like this and Robin was
going, huh, huh, huh, Mindy, and it was beautiful.
I just said GIF instead of GIF.
I know.
I noticed that.
Did you guys think I was smart?
Yeah.
You know, I thought.
It's a graphic interface.
I thought maybe Monster Palooza was sharing a hotel with WIAC2.html.
Because you were listening.
I heard the GIF pronunciation.
Yeah.
I meant Monster Palooza.
Yeah, I heard that.
You went to a fucking convention in a, you know what, I'm not, it's not my job to be
jealous of you.
I don't care.
No, it is not your job to care about me at all.
Yeah.
No, you don't get paid for caring.
I wasn't put here for that.
I'll tell you what you were put here for.
Oh my God, David Milch.
Milch is back.
Yeah.
Can you talk some sense into Harmon?
He's really bumming my nuts.
He's being mean.
He's being, you know, Harmon, you're being mean.
Yeah, but that's what you're supposed to be.
Rob, Schrab, you were written to antagonize Dan Harmon.
I'm written.
Yes, you are written and not well.
You are a placeholder character.
Jesus, Milch.
Lighten up.
Schrab's awesome.
That's really mean.
What the fuck are you doing?
It's one of the sweetest guys on earth.
He tweets dogs that are, he saves dogs.
Duncan Trussell, I added you in the third draft of this reality in response to a network
note.
Jesus Christ.
Milch, what the fuck?
I was being sarcastic.
Oh my God.
I'm sarcastic.
I'm like a sarcastic, shitty thought of yours.
I wanted to teach them a lesson for asking the writer to add intelligence.
I don't feel like Dan Milch to you at all anymore.
Excuse me?
I don't feel like David Milch at all to you.
I think David Milch needs to get Milched.
That's a problem.
No character can Milch, David Milch.
I Milch you.
What?
Fuck.
Hey, David.
Yes.
Did you see Dredd, the Judge Dredd movie?
Yeah.
Yes.
Did you like it?
I wrote it.
You wrote it?
I wrote the people that wrote it.
Did you like them?
I don't like any of my characters.
Okay.
Who wrote you, Milch?
A question asked only on the page.
For those off the page, no, there is no answer.
There definitely isn't an answer.
That's not an answer.
That's a shit answer, Milch.
Who wrote you?
You sit on the margins and between my brads and ponder your fate and your monologues.
You don't understand how it works.
Off the page, no one asks those questions.
Off the page, there is only Milch.
So you just have always been forever?
There was a time before Milch.
BM?
Yes.
So BM was literally the time before you.
You're the result of BM.
It's a paradoxical expression.
Have you ever thought of that, Milch?
How's that feel?
You're just a bow movement, Milch.
You're just a thing that the universe shat out and started writing characters.
Got all milch-y.
Came out all milch-y.
I feel unwelcome here.
I will fade out.
Go back to Milmac.
Go back to Milmac, Milch.
Cool.
You got a scared Milch away, I guess.
BM.
Post-milch.
I like it.
Fucking Milmac cat-eating, motherfucker.
Angry old Milch.
Yeah.
Someway.
Gulking around the universe.
Go away, Milch.
What happened to David Milch after he put his dick in the beans?
Did he?
Who the fuck is David Milch?
He's the creator of NYPD Blue and Deadwood.
He put his dick in beans?
Beans is this woman that was a set decorator on the show.
He's the craziest person I've never heard of.
We were told on the anecdote where David Milch at the craft service table or at a party
or something.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Maybe it was.
Yeah, I'm speaking out of school.
I was probably from, I don't know, it was like, you were hanging out with Chris McKenna.
But there were a bunch of people that saw it.
David Milch put his dick in some beans.
What?
And then a-
How does that ruin you or how does that get out there?
At a party.
Well, because there was a bunch of it, because he was like, basically like he took some beans
from the craft service table and then he like, he like had his dick in beans and then like-
And somebody said, everybody's like waiting in line to get their food and then he's just
like doing that and everybody's like, do you mind?
The way I was introduced to the concept was that there were writers who were saying like
they, among each other, like they use the expression like, oh man, I really put my dick
in the beans.
Like to mean like-
Is it supposed to feel good?
I bet it feels great.
Is that what he did?
I mean, no, he wasn't doing it to feel good, he was doing a bit about like, and I know
you have more questions about why he did it, but I don't know, but this is like, their
perspective was that he had did it and then it was like, there was a weird silence and
because the guy in charge put his dick in beans and then so then thereafter it was an
expression among these writers of like, oh shit, I overreached, I was feeling my oats
or I kind of like, I just sort of fell on my face or, but I did it because I wanted
it to be-
I feel like the scenario was like, Milt was like trying to be funny, whips out his dick,
puts it in the beans and everybody kind of went, oh, they were like, yep, floor and then
he went, oh, too far, all right, I guess we're not going to laugh at me putting my dick in
the beans, okay.
What did you bring to the table, bananas?
But I do think it would, I mean, not that it doesn't matter because it's really missing
the point, but I do think that like, it would probably feel good to put your dick in beans.
Warm or cold, don't even think about it, warm or cold.
Okay, great point.
It's not going to be-
Don't even think about it.
What do you mean, of course warm, warm beans, yeah, cold beans, you want to put your dick
in warm beans, not cold beans.
Do you ever do food sex stuff like, I tried that in my 20s because you know, you see it
in like Playboy videos or whatever and they're like, oh, let's get out the honey and the
whipped cream and then it's like-
Okay, yeah.
It took one time to-
I was like, yeah.
This is gross.
It's all pu-bee.
You're like sticky, like who wants to, like if someone came up to you and said like, hey,
do you want to eat a Hershey's kiss off of Steve Levy's arm, I wouldn't be like, oh, yeah,
I'm about to cum.
So why would you think that your-
Speak for yourself.
Your girlfriend would suddenly become sexy if she had whipped cream like now, like a-
whipped cream is usually experienced in a contained environment.
It's on top of frozen ice cream and stuff.
You put it on a tit and then it's like, now there's, you get to see what whipped cream
is made of.
You ever like spill like soda on your like linoleum and then you don't get to it right
away and then you walk across it with your socks and it's got like dog hair right?
Now add cum.
Yeah.
That's what we're talking about.
All right.
Well, should have started there, but that's another episode of Harmontown.
I don't know the list of names that Jeff knows.
Thank you for-
Thank you.
Thank you, Church, for taking photos.
Thank you, Zach, the audio maniac for being an audio person.
Thank you, Kris Boruff.
Thank you, Sarah Hill, for making sure everybody can see everything.
Thank you, Kevin Day, wherever you are, for being the Alfred offsite from Arkham Island,
making sure that it gets disseminated.
What's that?
Oh, we're going to be in Boston, Long Island, on a date that I, uh, 22nd, 23rd.
June 22nd, 23rd.
I don't understand how time works.
I tell time by seasons of television shows and, uh, ex-wives, like, I don't know what
next week is.
At some point we're going to be in Boston, Long Island.
I don't-
June 22nd, June 23rd.
Really June?
Yeah, it's coming out, man.
That's a million years from now.
It's a million years from now.
Thank you, David Miltz.
Thank you, Miltz, for writing us.
Thank you, Steve Levy, for letting Duncan Tressel in when he got here.
Thank you, Duncan Tressel, for coming.
Don't be dissuaded by this.
We'll have an- next time you get invited to do the show-
I loved it.
Uh, you'll probably be an audience, but even if there's not, you would love it anyway.
Yeah, man.
I mean, yeah, let's do it.
More of these.
Thank you, Rob Schrab, for giving me my iPad back.
Uh, could've charged it.
Say thank you, thank you, based God.
Thank you, based God, for helping me win the NBA playoffs.
Pretty good.
Can you get cursed by him if you're not in the NBA?
Man.
He's very care- the base God, it doesn't throw those curses out.
He drops like some sick, sick base, man.
It's not even my place to talk about it.
It's good you said that.
It's sick.
All right.
It's Miltz.
It's all Miltz-y.
That's it.
Enjoy your lives.
I'll see you when I'm working out tomorrow on Instagram.
I'm just trying to realize how dumb you are.